gets sick but the game can heal i
data collected and issued by
department of dependencies of the Usss
16 are of a concern that
alarms in 2011 the Paduan have
spent 760 million euros at stake
gambling and the phenomenon is growing
last year to seek treatment from
department specialists
there were 80 dependencies of the sert
pathological players being treated together
to their families but at high risk
500 sick people remain between city and province
of gambling video slot machines
poker games online and scratch cards
they can always become addicted to
plus the department of dependencies
they must also deal with these
pathologies that obviously do not find a
immediate feedback has happened with gods
drugs but needs
psychotherapy and targeted interventions
the causes hopefully in the magic win
that solves one economic problem
once and for all or looking in the game there
dissatisfaction compensation to
work or family but sinks
at the end together with the mood family
happy decided to lend a hand to
those who feel lost to those who have played
everything and sent to work rolls and
relationships
the five players is a woman woman
mature player identikit
pathological is a man aged between i
35 and 50 years of unemployed profession
entrepreneur or university student the
degree of education varies but not
vary is that it is a man
busy married and also with children
legalized games among the mind
from the state
there is also a national association
is preceded by a Paduan who plays
realizes them plus xvi wants to start
from them by the producers of
machines that can warn of
motorbikes and bar and local managers who
from slots and video poker earn big
percentages in Padua between the city and
province public exercises with slots and
there are 800 videopoker games and i
managers ask the municipality
the authorization to have it also in the
their bar many players that one
I think the thing that will do more harm than
all and play from home and there they are not
at least check our premises either
checked the green bartender if there is a
child who plays the house well does not
he sees what the bartenders with light is a udine
should therefore intervene when a
play are minor among other things always
more attracted by the game to money and when
I look at it becomes conquest
the result of all this is seen in the
social services of our municipalities
if there are no people going to
squandering even salaries and maybe even
a little money set aside in this
economic crisis situation that we
we must somehow try to give
help stay close just because there
they are difficulties that come
reported by family members often
to ask for help are just the wives or
the children of the players the player who
he deludes himself that he can control himself
ashamed to admit that you need to
to be treated
but that outstretched hand must be grasped
to break the infernal spell